a cloud that is quite characteristic
of our summer is the way to sausage our
summer muse the staff accumulates buses is
a cloud associated with storms and she
is present almost there late
all year is more in the summer is more
common to see clouds of type c b
cumulonimbus clouds on account of
the strong heat and presence of moisture
in the cloudless air that is formed and with
based on approximately two kilometers
with respect to the surface and top of it
staff can reach up to 12 up to 15
kilometers in relation to the surface
it's a competitive cloud.
means personal means that people
has upward air currents that
leading to surface moisture
regions of the atmosphere and will
condensed there all this moisture
favoring the formation of very
very thick clouds
very large with very high tops is
this is accumulation ingo is how books is
the cloud associated with the storms you
look inside the community
you will see ice even because the
temperatures as you go up
in the atmosphere they are getting
lower
and then you have the freeze of that
unit that is present in the
surface is going up it ends
freezing and forming the game there and there
when we have the formation of loads
we have the thunderbolt here.
is also represented in this scheme
People can see the lightning here too, right?
so be careful because despite the cb
be our summer muse cb too
is associated with a condition of
very extreme time is the cloud that
can generate tornados the then is the cloud
but is somewhat dangerous in the
atmosphere the presence of our n series
which is the level of condensation by
where it is the basis of my
cloud giving approximately 800
hector pascais 800 hector pascals
represents approximately two
kilometers in relation to the surface
and then we have this blue curve
crossing this black curve
approximately 330 hctor pascals
that I want
call meteorology what level of loss
push're my n p
and is represented by this acronym
level of impulse loss so high and
This means that we have the
formation of a large cloud this
means that we have the formation of
to receive